Dr. Salah Al-Jaabari, physician at Kuwait Hospital in
Rafah, 7 days after this barbaric
Israeli aggression against our people in the Gaza Strip, we are still
serving our people and serving the sick and wounded in the Gaza Strip. We
are still receiving thousands of cases daily. That is, of
course, in this, these 71 days away from our people
have affected us and
Our psychology is that we have not seen our family for a long period of time.
I miss them, of course, at every moment and every
time, with every strike, a missile strike, and every bombing by the
Israeli aircraft, whatever it may be. Our hearts are
broken and we wait for the ambulance to see who is
injured, who are our friends, who are our friends, who are
neighbors, who are loved ones. I mean,  An indescribable feeling
when the wounded, wounded, and body parts deal
with various types of cases and injuries. Cases,
that is, with phosphorus bombs. Cases of burns of
different degrees. Cases, that is, we cannot
provide them with everything required to save their lives due to the
lack of capabilities and equipment. We even perform
some quick and basic surgical operations
without even
anesthesia. The health condition is  We have a very difficult situation that
cannot be described. We are suffering from a lack of fuel to operate
medical supplies and equipment, and we are suffering from a lack of
fuel to move even ambulances to transport the
injured, to bring the injured and take them to
larger hospitals. These are great challenges facing us
here. We ask God to protect us, to
protect all of our people, and to calm down.  We are a people who
demand peace, but this war broke out on us
so that we were helpless in the truce. We did not leave
our places, we did not arrive, I did not reach my home. I mean, during the
entire period of the truce, I was present in this
hospital and did not reach our home.